Update README.md (#2)
Thinkmill/monorepo-starter: README.md

# Monorepo Starter

> > An example setup of how to do a monorepo, used in our [monorepo style guide](https://github.com/Thinkmill/monorepo).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> An example setup of how to do a monorepo, used in our [monorepo getting started guide]()
```

If you plan to use any of the following, please see the style guide for how to set them up:

> - [next.js](https://github.com/Thinkmill/monorepo#nextjs)

Reviewer 2: Nice 👍
